feat: Add autofocus to readme (#2621)
BrightspaceUI/core: components/dialog/README.md

});
```

## Focus Management

When opened, focus will be automatically placed within the dialog. The element to be focused will either be the content element having the optional `autofocus` attribute, or a focusable element identified by the dialog depending on the type of dialog. For `d2l-dialog` and `d2l-dialog-fullscreen`, the first focusable element will be focused. For `d2l-dialog-confirm`, the least destructive action will be focused, which is assumed to be the first non-primary button in the footer.

### Specifying an `autofocus` Element (Optional)

To specify which element should be focused, add the `autofocus` attribute to that element. An element with the `autofocus` attribute will receive focus if any of the following are true:

* The element has a `tabindex` value of `0` or `-1`

> * The element has a focusable descendant in the plain DOM or its Shadow DOM

Author: > Is this mean to address the scenario where they are applying autofocus to a custom element, which has a focus() method to delegate focus internally?

That scenario is covered under the first bullet (`tabindex`), I believe.

> * The element has a focusable descendant in the plain DOM or its Shadow DOM

Reviewer: > This is meant to address the scenario where a custom element puts autofocus on an element which is in their shadow dom.

I don't think we're supporting that scenario.

> * The element has a focusable descendant in the plain DOM or its Shadow DOM

Author: I was looking at https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/core/blob/db2d710becbf612c2757f217de05dd3c64d27464/helpers/focus.js#L113

So actually yes, it is exactly what you said.

> * The element has a focusable descendant in the plain DOM or its Shadow DOM

Author: > > This is meant to address the scenario where a custom element puts autofocus on an element which is in their shadow dom.
> 
> I don't think we're supporting that scenario.

Yeah we're not, I got confused and was thinking about the note below.

> * The element has a focusable descendant in the plain DOM or its Shadow DOM

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/core/pull/2621/commits/2b5c95421178d673f06ffc187bc3d61d5d125e66

* The element is a naturally focusable element (e.g. button)

> Note that the element must be in the dialog's immediate shadow root and not within another component's Shadow DOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the element must be in the dialog's local DOM scope and not within another component's Shadow DOM.
```
